# Robocon_18

Robocon is Asia’s largest robotics competition.  The national round (which serves  as  the  first  leg)  is  held  in  Pune  and  is  organized  by  DD  and  ABU. The  theme  of  ABU  Robocon  2018  is  based  on  an  interesting  Vietnamese folk game called “Shuttlecock Throwing”, played by their locals during their festival  “N ́EM  C`ON”  -  The  Festival  Wishing  Happiness  and  Prosperity. Two  robots  had  to  be  built  for  this  competition  -  a  manual  and  an  autonomous robot.  The manual robot had to transfer the shuttlecocks to the Autonomous robot.  In turn, the autonomous robot had to shoot these shuttlecocks through rings/hoops.  There were two rings (or three targets) on the field.  The autonomous robot had to throw at least one shuttlecock through the first ring from two different positions.  After successfully completing this, the robot could throw a shuttlecock through the second ring and into a cup to win the game.  The robots had to follow a stringent set of rules regarding the dimensions, weight and other aspects.  The winner of the national round was awarded the chance to represent India in the International Robocon held in Vietnam. The  2018  Robocon  team  focused  on  the  development  of  more  refined  and robust systems than previous years for the different components and mechanisms  used  in  the  robots.   Looking  at  the  problems  faced  by  past  teams from  IITD,  the  team  managed  to  implement  several  new  design  strategies and features for this year. The following document contains the chronological design process that Robocon 2018 team followed to arrive at a complete system design.  The document covers the integration of the subsystems into a complete robot and the fabrication  of  the  robots.   In  the  latter  sections,  testing  and  final  results  of performance of the two robots are presented.  This document fully chronicles the steps that were followed by the team from the initial group formation to the final testing of the 2018 robots.
